Update documentation of `filestream` input with the new improvements (#25303)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/inputs/input-filestream.asciidoc

++++

Use the `filestream` input to read lines from active log files. It is the
new, improved alternative to the `log` input. It comes various improvements
to the existing input:

1. Checking of `close_*` options happens out of band. Thus, if an output is blocked
{beatname_uc} is able to close the reader and it avoids keeping too many files open.

2. Detailed metrics are available for all files that match the `paths` configuration
regardless of the `harvester_limit`. This way, you can keep track of all files
even ones that are not actively read.

3. The order of `parsers` is configurable. So it is possible to parse JSON lines and than
aggragate the contents into a multiline event.

4. Some position updates and metadata changes no longer depend on the publishing pipeline.

> If a the pipeline is blocked some changes are still applied to the registry.

Reviewer: More registry related improvements:
- Filestream input ensures that only most recent update are serialized to the registry (logs inputs needs to serialize the complete registry on each ACK from the outputs).
- Filesteam input ensures that only offsets updates are written to the registry append only log (logs inputs write complete file state)
- Filestream input can remove stale entries from registry, even if there is no active input (logs input requires an active input for a file state, in order to remove an entry from the registry at times - e.g. after FB restart)

++++

Use the `filestream` input to read lines from active log files. It is the

> new, improved alternative to the `log` input. It comes various improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
new, improved alternative to the `log` input. It comes with various improvements
```

to the existing input:

> 1. Checking of `close_*` options happens out of band. Thus, if an output is blocked
> {beatname_uc} is able to close the reader and it avoids keeping too many files open.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Checking of `close_*` options happens out of band. Thus, if an output is blocked,
{beatname_uc} can close the reader and avoid keeping too many files open.
```

2. Detailed metrics are available for all files that match the `paths` configuration

> regardless of the `harvester_limit`. This way, you can keep track of all files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
regardless of the `harvester_limit`. This way, you can keep track of all files,
```

even ones that are not actively read.

> 3. The order of `parsers` is configurable. So it is possible to parse JSON lines and than
> aggragate the contents into a multiline event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The order of `parsers` is configurable. So it is possible to parse JSON lines and then
aggregate the contents into a multiline event.
```

4. Some position updates and metadata changes no longer depend on the publishing pipeline.

> If a the pipeline is blocked some changes are still applied to the registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a pipeline is blocked, some changes are still applied to the registry.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if `a` or `the` on this one.

Author: We have one pipeline per input, so I would say the.

Reviewer 2: Did you remove the `a` then? It looks like it still reads "If a the pipeline..."

Reviewer 2: See #4 https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/master/filebeat-input-filestream.html#_parsers

> 5. Only the most recent updates are serialized to the registry, in contrast the `log` input
> has to serialize the complete registry on each ACK from the outputs. Making the registry updates
> much quicker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Only the most recent updates are serialized to the registry. In contrast, the `log` input
has to serialize the complete registry on each ACK from the outputs. This makes the registry updates
much quicker in this input.
```

6. The input ensures that only offsets updates are written to the registry append only log.
The `log` writes the complete file state.

> 7. Stale entries can be removed stale from registry, even if there is no active input.

Reviewer 2: ?

```suggestion
7. Stale entries can be removed from the registry, even if there is no active input.
```
